Add footer and sticky footer possibility to modal (#411)
StenaIT/stenajs-webui: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## Next

Reviewer: Fix typos

Author: Fixed!

> - `Modal` can now be given a new prop `footer`, which is a `React.node`. By default the footer is sticky.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Modal` has new prop `footer`. The footer is sticky by default, but can be turned off with `disableStickyFooter`.
```

Author: Fixed!

- `ModalFooter` is added and is used as a wrapper around the content given to `footer`prop.

> - `Modal` now has an additional prop `disableStickyFooter` which controls if the footer added should be sticky or not. This property defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed!

# Changelog

## Next
- `Modal` has new prop `footer`. The footer is sticky by default, but can be turned off with `disableStickyFooter`.

> - `ModalFooter` is added and is used as a wrapper around the content given to `footer`prop.

Reviewer: `ModalFooter` is not exported, so no need to mention it in the changelog.

```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed!
